Doc tokenizer (#6110)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/main_classes/tokenizer.rst

Tokenizer
----------------------------------------------------

> A tokenizer is in charge of preparing the inputs for a model. The library comprise tokenizers for all the models. Most

Author: Yeah contains is probably better-suited.

(downloaded from HuggingFace's AWS S3 repository). They both rely on
:class:`~transformers.tokenization_utils_base.PreTrainedTokenizerBase` that contains the common methods, and
:class:`~transformers.tokenization_utils_base.SpecialTokensMixin`.

:class:`~transformers.PreTrainedTokenizer` and :class:`~transformers.PreTrainedTokenizerFast` thus implement the main
methods for using all the tokenizers:

- Tokenizing (splitting strings in sub-word token strings), converting tokens strings to ids and back, and
  encoding/decoding (i.e., tokenizing and converting to integers).
- Adding new tokens to the vocabulary in a way that is independent of the underlying structure (BPE, SentencePiece...).
- Managing special tokens (like mask, beginning-of-sentence, etc.): adding them, assigning them to attributes in the
  tokenizer for easy access and making sure they are not split during tokenization.

:class:`~transformers.BatchEncoding` holds the output of the tokenizer's encoding methods (``__call__``,
``encode_plus`` and ``batch_encode_plus``) and is derived from a Python dictionary. When the tokenizer is a pure python

> tokenizer, this class behave just like a standard python dictionary and hold the various model inputs computed by these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tokenizer, this class behaves just like a standard python dictionary and holds the various model inputs computed by these
```
